Added use cases and task variants to Automatic-speech-recognition Task (#444)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/automatic-speech-recognition/about.md

## Use Cases

### Virtual Speech Assistants

> Many end devices have embedded a virtual assistance as a better way to interact with end users. These assistances rely on ASR models to recognize different voice commands in order to perform specified tasks. For instance, you might ask your phone for dialing a phone number, asking for an answer or scheduling a meeting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many edge devices have an embedded virtual assistant to interact with the end users better. These assistances rely on ASR models to recognize different voice commands to perform various tasks. For instance, you can ask your phone for dialing a phone number, ask a general question, or schedule a meeting.
```

### Caption Generation

> A Caption Generation model can take the audio from sources such as live streamed videos or recorded videos to generate automatic captions. This can help with content accessibility for example: audiences who are watching in a non-native language can rely on captions to interpret the content. Furthermore, it helps with information retention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A caption generation model takes audio as input from sources to generate automatic captions through transcription, for live-streamed or recorded videos. This can help with content accessibility. For example, an audience watching a video that includes a non-native language, can rely on captions to interpret the content. It can also help with information retention.
```
Can you elaborate on how it might help with information retention? 🙂

## Task Variants

### Multilingual ASR

> These models are intended to transcript multiple languages from a given audio. Some models might incorporate [language identification](https://huggingface.co/tasks/audio-classification) blocks to improve multilingual ASR. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multilingual ASR models can convert audio inputs with multiple languages into transcripts. Some multilingual ASR models include [language identification](https://huggingface.co/tasks/audio-classification) blocks to improve the performance.
```
We try to avoid passive voice as it makes it harder to read 🙂

## Useful Resources
- [Making automatic speech recognition work on large files with Wav2Vec2 in 🤗 Transformers](https://huggingface.co/blog/asr-chunking)
- [Boosting Wav2Vec2 with n-grams in 🤗 Transformers](https://huggingface.co/blog/wav2vec2-with-ngram)
- [ML for Audio Study Group - Intro to Audio and ASR Deep Dive](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-MH6YjuIlE)
- [Massively Multilingual ASR: 50 Languages, 1 Model, 1 Billion Parameters](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.03001.pdf)

> - [NeMo ToolKits](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo)

Reviewer: Can you add what it does 😅 I know nemo but a beginner doesn't, it can be something along the lines of:
An ASR Toolkit made by NVIDIA: NeMo

Author: Yeah, I will add more info about NeMo!
